feat(cluster): version compatibility betweens nodes (#1608)
bonitasoft/bonita-doc: modules/ROOT/pages/overview-of-bonita-bpm-in-a-cluster.adoc

The nodes must all be in the same datacenter, to keep latency of updates to shared information to an acceptable level.

> All nodes must run the same exact version of the Bonita Platform. e.g. a `7.11.2` will not be able to connect to a cluster of Bonita Platform in `7.11.1`. 

Reviewer: ℹ️ `Bonita Platform` refers here to the historical name, not the concept described in the 'What is Bonita' page. According to this page, we should use `Bonita Runtime`.
I guess if we want to avoid a naming clash, using `Bonita` should be enough.

> All nodes must run the same exact version of the Bonita Platform. e.g. a `7.11.2` will not be able to connect to a cluster of Bonita Platform in `7.11.1`. 

Author: ```suggestion
All nodes must run the same exact version of the Bonita Runtime. e.g. a `7.11.2` will not be able to connect to a cluster of Bonita Runtime in `7.11.1`. 
```

* Only active-active modes is supported. There is no mechanism for starting a new node if a cluster node goes out of service. This could be provided by a third-party application.
* There is no integrated load balancer, so the client application selects the node on which to make a API call. You should use an external load balancer. For high volume, a hardware load balancer is recommended.
* All the nodes must use the same database, so the database itself must be highly available.

> === Upgrading the version of a Bonita Platform in cluster

Author: ```suggestion
=== Upgrading the version of the Bonita Runtime in cluster
```

[WARNING]
====

All nodes of the cluster must use the *exact* same version. It will not be possible to start a node on an existing cluster having a different version.
====

> Since all nodes must use the exact same version of the Bonita Platform, the cluster must be shut down entirely to be able to change the version.

Author: ```suggestion
Since all nodes must use the exact same version of the Bonita Runtime, the cluster must be shut down entirely to be able to change the version.
```

When only upgrade to a maintenance version of the same release you will not need to migrate the database but only upgrade the bundle or docker container:

* Configure new bundles or docker container with the newer maintenance version
* Stop all nodes having the previous version
* Start nodes with the newer version one by one

> When migration to a different release of the Bonita Platform, the database also need to be migrated. See xref:migrate-from-an-earlier-version-of-bonita-bpm.adoc#migrateCluster[here]

Author: ```suggestion
When migration to a different release of the Bonita Runtime, the database also needs to be migrated. See xref:migrate-from-an-earlier-version-of-bonita-bpm.adoc#migrateCluster[here]
```
